<h1>Entry 1:Deciding On A Topic</h1><h4>10/10/24</h4><h2>Choosing my Topic</h3><h4><p> Over the years, my thoughts and ideas and the future that I want to pursue change as I have grown. But all of my potential career paths follow under my topic. The idea of technology: for the past years, I knew what I wanted to be; I wanted to be on the technological career path. As I was introduced to technology by a variety of people. The topic that I have chosen for the Freedom Project is media production. The reason why I chose this career path is because, under the few years during COVID, I haven't gone outside for the most part. During that time, people relied on the media for information, entertainment, etc. During COVID, people who weren't familiar with technology finally learned due to their reliance on it. For me, technology helped me understand the importance of media in the modern-day world. Media contains things that we do on a day-to-day basis. Such as news gatherings, content creation, distribution, and technology. As these are few examples of the tools and techniques. But this wasn't my first decision. .Writing/Editing, Design. The reason why I considered design as my topic is because of these websites: <a href="https://www.nobledesktop.com/careers/designer/career-benefits"> Noble deskstop</a>,<a href="https://www.nu.edu/blog/is-graphic-design-a-good-career/"> National University</a>.But I came to the realization that this subject encompass the things that it  have a hand in the process of creating media content.The reason why I considered Writing/Editing as my topic is because of this website:<a href="https://medium.com/@cprincejr/8-reasons-why-writing-is-the-best-career-choice-84fa5967345c#:~:text=Well%2C%20writing%20is%20a%20career,get%20paid%20while%20you%20sleep.">8 Reasons Why Writing is The Best Career Choice</a>. These websites did convince me to follow those paths, but when I studied media production, I knew what I wanted to do, as the previous ideas factor in the process of media production.</p></p>
<h1>Engineering Design Process</h1>
<h3><p>I am currently in the first stage of the engineering design process, where the main goal is to define the problem. The problem that I will like to perform is to introduce people to the importance of media production, especially during modern times. I plan to use a variety of articles and websites to determine why people should learn the importance of media production and to expand it.</p>
<h1>Skills</h1>
<h2>Communication and Research importance</h2>
<h3><p>The couple of skills that I learned through this is the importance of research and communication. With research, it's important to have an in-depth understanding. With researching a topic, you have a deeper understanding of the subject that you're learning. With that, you gain a new perspective. As with research/communication. Is based on experience of yourself or others. This is beneficial as it exposes you to different view points. This will help you have a more well-rounded understanding. Basically, having another person's point of view is important as it can expand your knowledge of things based on other opinions to build your own opinion.</p></h3>
<h1>Overall</h1>
<h3><p>I am exhilarated that I could be a potential reason why people find the importance of media and maybe inspire people to join the field just how I was convinced to.</p></h3>
